h1. STRING-DB JDBC

This is a collection of Java utilities to simplify access to "STRING-DB":http://string-db.org PostgreSQL data.

h2. Building and using

First edit @resources/jdbc-v1.0.properties@ and save under @/opt/stringdb/jdbc-v1.0.properties@.

The project requires at least JDK 1.7. 

The project uses "Maven":http://maven.apache.org as its build system.
In order to build it, simply run the @mvn clean package -DskipTests@ 
command in the cloned directory.

The jar file  will be created under @target/@.

To include it in your project, you can find the artifacts in our repo (but please setup local mirroring):

<pre>
    <repository>
        <id>vmering</id>
        <name>vmering repository</name>
        <url>http://imlslnx-titan.uzh.ch/nexus/content/repositories/vmering</url>
    </repository>
</pre>

h2. Contact

For any questions, comments, remarks, drop me an "email":mailto:milan.simonovic@imls.uzh.ch

h2. TODO

* add http://www.querydsl.com
* http://www.jooq.org/doc/2.6/manual/ ?

h1. License

<pre>
This software is licensed under the Apache 2 license, quoted below.

Copyright 2014 University of Zürich, SIB, and others.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not
use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of
the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under
the License.
</pre>